You’re late!
Hmm?
I said, “You’re late.”
Sorry.
You work here now?
Yeah, just a—
Just a few weeks.
You look great.
Um, what can I get you?
I tried texting, you know,
after you ended it.
Chai latte, that was your favorite.
Jade, you were my favorite.
Ollie, you know why I had to . . .
I know.
But I want to study your religion.
That’s why I texted.
Well, I got a new phone, and I didn’t—
I didn’t see them.
OK, but how about I leave you my number,
and we can meet up.
Come on.
And that’s when you walked away.
Tell me you walked away.
He gave me his number.
What?
No.
Jade!
He said he wants to study.
Yeah, he wants to study you.
We can’t read hearts.
I think I can read yours.
He was sweet,
and if he wants to know the truth . . .
I—
I can’t even believe this.
What does it say?
It says low battery.
No, not that,
this—2 Corinthians 6:14.
“Do not become unevenly yoked
with unbelievers.”
There was no yoking.
I haven’t yoked.
But this opens the door to the yoke.
I’m not stupid!
You act like I don’t know this.
No.
You act like you don’t know this.
That’s a lot of backstory.
You asked what happened.
I thought you’d like, you know,
sum it up in a word or something.
Anyway, now you know.
So are you going to call him then?
I don’t think so.
Why not?
Because I don’t think its religion
that he’s interested in.
I could’ve told you that.
I made you a cup.
Thanks.
You’re amazing.
Listen.
I’m sorry.
I know I came on strong.
No, you were right.
But I could have been more patient.
I reacted too quickly.
I know you know
what the right thing to do is.
I should have given you
more time to talk it out.
I called Brother Davies
and gave him the background
and said, “If he’s really interested,
he’ll have a study.”
Then I deleted Ollie’s number.
I knew it.
I knew you’d do the right thing.
Well, sometimes.
But I should’ve been more patient,
and I should have heard you out.
It’s just
not what I wanted to hear
in the moment.
So we’re good?
Always.
Now, no more apologizing
until I finish this coffee;
it’s too painful.
It’s so nice.